docs(flutter): Document SDK size overhead (#12560)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/dart/overhead/index.mdx

## Tracing and Performance Monitoring

As stated in our <Link to="/product/performance/performance-overhead">product docs on the topic</Link>, Tracing adds some overhead, but should have minimal impact on the performance of your application. In typical scenarios, the expected overhead is less than 3% of the app's resource utilization.

## SDK Size

> The Sentry SDK for Dart adds approximately 1-1.5 MB to an apps binary size. The exact impact may vary depending on the device architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sentry SDK for Dart adds approximately 1-1.5 MB to an app's binary size. The exact impact depends on multiple factors, including the device architecture.
```
